README.md, before:

# KK_MapUtils v1.0.0

## Introduction
Plugin for adjusting various map options set by map makers. Looks for gameobjects in map scenes with specific names. Any object named 'KK_MapUtils_DisableCharaLight' disables the character light when a scene is loaded. Point lights named 'KK_MapUtils_Day', 'KK_MapUtils_Evening', and 'KK_MapUtils_Night' will determine the ambient light color of the scene.

### Compatible with:
* Koikatu
* KoikatuVR
* Koikatsu Party
* Koikatsu Party VR

## Requirements
* [BepInEx 5.4.4](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases) or later

## Installation
Extract the `BepInEx` folder and paste it into your base `Koikatu` folder (it should merge with the `BepInEx` folder that's already there!)

## Usage (For Map Makers)
### Disable Chara Light
To mark a map for disabling the character light, simply create an object called "KK_MapUtils_DisableCharaLight" somewhere in your scene.<br/>
![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026286540617429072/charalightdisable.jpg)

### Set Ambient Light
If your map has different groups of objects for day, evening, and night, simply place a point light in each group and call it 'KK_MapUtils_Day', 'KK_MapUtils_Evening', and 'KK_MapUtils_Night' respectively. (Be sure to disable the Light component!) The plugin will apply the color of the point light to the ambient light color of the map.

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026287012061388911/unknown.png)<br/>
![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026287157381435444/unknown.png)

Commit message:

simplify gameobject name lookup; add audio routing functionality

README.md, after:

# KK_MapUtils v1.0.1

## Introduction
Plugin for adjusting various map options set by map makers. Looks for gameobjects in map scenes with specific names. Any object named 'KK_MapUtils_DisableCharaLight' disables the character light when a scene is loaded. Point lights named 'KK_MapUtils_Day', 'KK_MapUtils_Evening', and 'KK_MapUtils_Night' will determine the ambient light color of the scene.

## Features
* Disable Character Light automatically in specially-marked maps
* Dynamically adjust map ambient light color
* Automatically route audio sources to "Environment" audio slider

### Compatible with:
* Koikatu
* KoikatuVR
* Koikatsu Party
* Koikatsu Party VR

## Requirements
* [BepInEx 5.4.4](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases) or later

## Installation
Extract the `BepInEx` folder and paste it into your base `Koikatu` folder (it should merge with the `BepInEx` folder that's already there!)

## Usage (For Map Makers)
### Disable Chara Light
To mark a map for disabling the character light, simply create an object called "KK_MapUtils_DisableCharaLight" somewhere in your scene.<br/>
![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026286540617429072/charalightdisable.jpg)

### Set Ambient Light
If your map has different groups of objects for day, evening, and night, simply place a point light in each group and call it 'KK_MapUtils_Ambient' (Be sure to disable the Light component so the light doesn't actually affect your scene) Depending on the time of day, the plugin will apply the color of the point light to the ambient light color of the map.

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026524548197257216/unknown.png)<br/>
![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/696471324343926824/1026524646432067615/unknown.png)

### Route Audio Sources
Simply set your AudioSource to be on the "Map" layer, and the plugin will automatically route it to the "ENV" AudioMixerGroup, controlled by the "Environment" volume slider.
